Software for Bridge Simulations and Studies

DealerV2 is a significantly expanded version of the program first written in 1990 timeframe by Hans van Staveren of Amsterdam.
The original version is still used today by BBO for generating deals for bidding practice and the like.

The code, binaries and documentation for DealerV2 is available on github at:
https://github.com/dealerv2/Dealer-Version-2-

The latest version of dealerv2 includes the ability to use Richard Pavlicek's library of over 10 Million solved deals.
Having a source of __solved__ deals greatly speeds up studies of various kinds. More than 100x faster in some cases.

The latest version of dealerv2 also includes a feature which allows the user to write his own extensions to DealerV2
functionality.


The 50 page User's Guide explains how to use the many new features of DealerV2 to conduct simulation studies efficiently.

The program has been written for,  and runs on, Linux. There is no Windows port available at this time. However it will run
on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) without problems and the instructions for doing so are included in the documentation.

Show_RP_DB is a program written in C, that can take deals from Richard Pavlicek's library of over 10 Million solved
deals and print them out in a brief PBN format. RP's Library is in a highly efficient binary format that is not human
readable. This program shows how to extract the deals from the library and decode them into something easier to use
in studies and simulations.
The tools to create RP's Library can be downloaded from his website: www.rpbridge.net. These tools run on MSDOS.
If you do not have such a system, the github repo also includes a copy of RP's library. 
Because Github limits file sizes to 100 MB the library is in 3 separate pieces which can easily be concatenated together.
The repo is at: https://github.com/dealerv2/Show_RP_DB

All of the code developed by JGM is Open Source and free to use under the GPL.
All of the other content is also free to use under even fewer copyright restrictions. See the included files.

JGM 2023/03/21


